Add distribution team goals (#1294)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/distribution/goals.md

- **Owner**: Distribution Team
- **Status**: In Progress
- **Outcomes**:
  - Releases can be triggered by a single manual step
  - All supported deployment types are released at the same time with the same command
  - Support documentation enables any engineer to perform a release with confidence

### Upgrades between releases are easy to perform

Performing upgrades to deployments is currently a complicated process that requires keeping a fork of our configuration and resolving diff conflicts when performing upgrades which are often complicated as the configuration might contain environment-specific customization. This process creates a bad experience for our customers because of the unknown amount of effort of the upgrade process.
We will start by looking at our Kubernetes deployment and working on an easier update process.

- **Owner**: Distribution Team
- **Status**: In Progress
- **Outcomes**:
  - Upgrades to deployments do not require resolving diff conflicts from upstream
  - Upgrading a deployment configuration requires less than 2 hours of work

### Improve the debugging and troubleshooting process

> As we deploy Sourcegraph to multiple dissimilar environments, we need to provide a consistent and straight forward process. We will initially focus on reducing the time it takes to collect troubleshooting information.

Reviewer: A problem statement is missing here. What is wrong with the current debugging a troubleshooting process?

straight forward -> straightforward

Author: > As we deploy Sourcegraph to multiple dissimilar environments, we need to provide a consistent and straight forward process to debug issues. We are currently lacking tools to collect debugging information (configuration, type, size, diff from upstream, etc) consistently and a process to capture the output of debugging sessions to feed back into our priorities and documentation.
We will initially focus on reducing the time it takes to collect troubleshooting information.

I think this might reflect better.

> As we deploy Sourcegraph to multiple dissimilar environments, we need to provide a consistent and straight forward process. We will initially focus on reducing the time it takes to collect troubleshooting information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As we deploy Sourcegraph to multiple different environments, we need to provide a consistent and straightforward process. We will initially focus on reducing the time it takes to collect troubleshooting information.
```
